# Minutes of Meeting - Nov 2, 2022

## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2 Nov 2022, 09:00 PM  
**Meeting Purpose:** Post research discussion             
**Meeting Location:** Remote - Zoom Video Call   

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Akshay Prabhu
- Fangzheng Li
- Harshit Bhadani
- Phalguni Ravinarayan
- Po-Han Hsu
- Saumitra Sapre
- Wenzhe Zhang

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Post research Discussion | • Discuss results of experimentation with technologies<br>• Debate on which one could be finalized to go ahead with.



# Other Notes & Information

## Development Framework Choice
To make our application local first, there are two options:

1. PWA (Progressive Web App), which could be cached locally or installed locally. However, this feature is not fully supported by FireFox Browser.
2. Electron JS, which could be used to build desktop applications on Linux, MacOS and Windows with Html, CSS and Javascript. However, Electron does not support mobile application development.

* Based on our discussion, we did not wish to force our users to abandon FireFox, and we did not wish to split our user groups. 
* The thing is, we can divide our users roughly into desktop users and mobile users, and if we choose PWA, a part of users in each group would have bad experience with unsupported browsers. Simply speaking, we could not make all users happy in either group.
* As for Electron, we can make sure all our users that install the application have the same experience, and then it becomes possible for us to collect feedback and improve user experience in a stable step. 
* For mobile users, we could maybe to build an online website for their usage. However, this action violates our principle of local first, but we think mobile users are more likely to have network connection, compared to desktop users. 
* Another obstacle is that we are not sure we can catch up with the mobile website before the end of the quarter.

## Testing Framework Research
**Unit Test**
|Framework|Assertion|Simulation|Snapshot|
|-------------|---------------|--------------|------------|
|Mocha|Not supported, could be configured|Not supported, could be configured|Not supported, could be configured|
|Ava|Supported|Not supported, could be configured|Supported|
|Jasmine|Supported|Supported|Supported|
|Jest|Supported|Supported|Supported|
|Karma|Not supported, could be configured|Not supported, could be configured|Not supported, could be configured|

* We did not wish to waste too much time on configuration and looked for an out-of-the-box testing framework. Between Jasmine and Jest, we Jest looks like a good option for its better async testing support.

**E2E Test**
* By Electron’s [documentation](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/automated-testing) , Playwright could be applied. After our investigation, it could also be used together with Jest(or be used alone). 
* So Playwright seems like a good option to proceed with.

**Experiments**             
Team members are now exploring the usage of Electron. This is the [link](https://github.com/Basics-LLC/Experiments) of the GitHub repo for experiments.

It is decided to have a chat with Prof. Powell regarding the conundrum of zeroing down on one technology to proceed further.